good afternoon is about us setting on
car chevrolet aveo 1 of 6
toroidal balloon
filling 43 liters filling under
flap
go on ass management you
gasoline is such a place we have
button
engine compartment of a chevrolet
aveo
1 of 6
we go
control unit of the Italian company Kim
its tower and design 3 year warranty
the control unit operating time works
like a clock
gearbox Italian company tomasetto
minimum mileage of 150 to 250,000
Italian nozzles firm novell swamp.
earlier
worth on the equipment goes 100 thousand
nozzle warranty with normal
during filter and drive replacement
Control block
great system works well seat
decay recommended it Italian
not Polish options
Thanks for attention